What happens when you initialize a repository? 
Why do you need it?

When you init a new repository, you create a
file that holds histories of all files you'd
like to track. It helps for tracking changes
to files and coding etc.

How is the staging area different from the 
working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is an in-between state that 
helps mediate between the two. It adds value 
that you can confirm what you want to commit 
before you do

How can you use the staging area to make sure 
you have one commit per logical change?

You can always use git diff to see what changes
you would make and ensure that it is the correct
amount of changes

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

If you are making a change that is significantly different from the path of the main branch (i.e. the main project requisites) then you might want to keep any commits or fixes that don't adhere to the main goals as a separate commit.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

With diagrams you can find out where each branch started (based on its relative position to the main branch) and find out if any of the forked files are unreachable.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging the two branches is a single branch which has all the changes associated with the two branches that were merged. We represent it in the diagram the way we do because one branch must be the "master branch" (unofficially) and it also reminds us of all the branches that used to be connected to other branches (e.g. not the old master branch).

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

The pros of Git's automatic merging is that you have a full log of all changes made... the cons are that you do not have a visually recognizable idea of what the commit was (and the exact opposite for manual merging).
